Ten years ago, as chairman of the Massachusetts Republican Party, I flew to Salt Lake City -- not to see the Olympics, but to meet the man who had saved them.

I had a message from the grassroots: "Come back to Massachusetts.  Our state needs you!"

Mitt Romney had turned around companies and he had turned around the Olympics.  Now Massachusetts needed Mitt Romney to turn us around.

Massachusetts was in deep trouble.  We had a massive budget gap and soaring unemployment.

People in my state were losing hope -- for themselves, their families and their children.  Sadly, very much like our country finds itself today.

Mitt Romney answered the call of service and accepted the challenge.

How did he fix our state?

Well, he quickly assembled a cabinet of the best and the brightest, drawing on both parties, Republicans and Democrats, half women, half men, to give him the full spectrum of ideas and advice.

He respected different opinions, valued open debate, and when it was all said and done, Mitt Romney knew how to make a decision.

Governor Romney did what many thought was impossible.  He turned around a $3 billion budget gap and created a $2 billion rainy day fund.

Even as he worked to streamline government, he made certain to safeguard protections for the elderly, children and the homeless.

In education, Governor Romney gave parents more choices, insisted on tough standards for both teachers and students, and Massachusetts schools became the best in the nation.

We cleared out regulations on small businesses.  We cut taxes 19 times.  And, as a result, unemployment dropped to only 4.7 percent.

And, unlike President Obama, Governor Romney's economic policies were rewarded with a credit upgrade.

Those are the facts and figures, but when people find out that I served as Mitt Romney's lieutenant governor, they always ask me the same question: What's he like?

First and foremost, Mitt is a good and honorable man, committed to public service and his country.

On the morning he took the oath of office, his first act was to focus public attention on those in need. We served breakfast to homeless veterans -- encouraging volunteerism, and acknowledging the special debt we owe to those who sacrifice for our country.

Mitt never took a salary as governor.  But he worked harder than anyone I know.

Early every morning, before the rest of us arrived, Mitt would meet with his economic secretary.  They worked tirelessly -- because for Mitt, creating jobs was his top priority.

Mitt was always a hands-on leader.  When one of Boston's tunnels collapsed, tragically killing a passenger in her car, Mitt didn't blame others.  He dove in and fixed the problem.

Mitt immersed himself in the engineering challenges, personally oversaw safety inspections, abolished cronyism and corruption, and restored public confidence.

That's the Mitt Romney I know.

And he is ready to bring that same work ethic, vision and integrity to the White House.

He will never let our children's education be second-best or allow their future prosperity to be mortgaged by today's political cowardice.

And he will respect those who build things with their own minds and their own hands.

Mitt Romney won't just talk about family values, he will live them.

And I'll tell you another thing, Mitt Romney understands that the world is a safer place when our country leads, and he will never apologize for America.

He will lead us back to an America we can be proud of -- and ahead to a future where the American dream is alive again, and within every man and woman's reach.

Thank you, Mitt Romney, for believing in America.

And America, you can believe in Mitt Romney!