Robert Rodriguez:

I'm Robert Rodriguez. I'm a filmmaker and founder of El Rey network.

I made this film because there has never been a more important time for building understanding among people by telling our stories. I grew up in San Antonio, Texas, in a family of ten. There, I realized that storytelling amplifies our voice. To my fellow Latinos, that voice is our vote. It can be more powerful than ever before. We can decide this election. But only if we wield that power.

It's not enough to agree. We have to get out there and vote. We all stand here together, each with our own story. That's Our America.

It's time to take a stand. It's time to elect Hillary Clinton the next President of OUR America.

Jeff Grubbe:

I'm Jeff Grubbe. Me yah whae! I'm a Native American and chairman of my tribe, the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians.

Like tribes across the United States, we have faced hardship and discrimination. Our ancestors fought to preserve our tribes and our culture just as I do today. Hillary Clinton is the leader that all of Indian Country needs. She is the leader for our America.

Ah Cha Ma.

Park Cannon:

I'm Park Cannon. I am a woman. I am African-American. I am queer. And I am the newest member of the Georgia House of Representatives. I ran for office because I represent the rainbow of stories that too often went unheard in our state's capitol. We need to trust black women. Our America is unapologetically ready to stand together.

Dr. Debbie Almontaser:

I'm Dr. Debbie Almontaser. Asalaam alaikum. Greetings of peace.

I'm a teacher and an American Muslim. I spent the days after September 11th building bridges among students in New York City. I started a school designed to foster multicultural education, teach Arabic, and embrace diversity. Our America is not about fear and ignorance, it's about acceptance. American Muslims: This November, get out there and vote.

Dulce Candy:

My name is Dulce Candy. I'm an immigrant and a veteran. I'm also a vlogger on YouTube. Every day, I see people use social media to take action and do good. That's our America: With one click, you can create change. But we can't stop there. This November, we need to get offline and get to the polls. And keep telling your story, America. It will make all the difference.

