Hello, Democrats!

It's an honor to represent Colorado, my family's home for six generations.

In Colorado, we share a unique heritage, built on the promise of progress you can only find in the American West.

I come from Native American and Mexican descendants, French trappers, and Spanish pioneers.

I come from ranchers, who continue to harvest the land, and laborers, like my Grandpa Ernest, who worked in the CF&I Steel Mill in Pueblo for 33 years to provide for his family.

And I come from strong women like my Grandmother Eva, who had to leave school after the 3rd grade to care for her younger siblings.

Growing up, my family wasn't rich. In fact, my parents relied on food stamps for a time to get by.

But, in America, we don't define our value by our net worth.

My parents gave me the name, Crisanta, believing that, in an inclusive America, it would not be a wall to my success.

They encouraged me to work hard and get an education, believing that, in a fair America, it would carry me anywhere I wanted to go.

And you know what? They were right.

Only in America could a shy little girl from Northglenn and Arvada, Colorado grow up to break glass ceilings and serve as the Majority Leader of the Colorado House of Representatives.

So, to every shy little girl or boy out there listening, I want to say: No matter who you are, no matter where you're from, or how you got here, you are special. And your potential is as big as America itself.

That's what Hillary Clinton believes. It's why she's spent a lifetime fighting for every child.

For a strong social safety net, so no one falls through the cracks.

For world-class public schools, so education can be a great equalizer.

For a government that respects and protects the rights of all people, so what we look like and who we love has no bearing on our opportunities.

We are a country where anything is possible when everyone is included. And I am proof of that.

I am proud to fight for a President who not only shares those values, she lives them.

