Hello Democrats! Hello Texas!

I'm a breast cancer survivor, and I know that there are many in this room, who faced what I faced — who fought the fear, and survived.

Democrats, we must fight the Republican nominees of fear, and unite behind Hillary Clinton — the candidate who fights for us.

I came here from Houston, a city with a great new mayor and a place where people of all races, religions, and sexual orientations are respected. We have a strong legacy: Mickey Leland, and Barbara Jordan — who addressed the 1976 Democratic Convention. Her pursuit of justice and equality is our call today. Barbara Jordan once said, "Through the process of amendment, interpretation, and court decision, I have finally been included in 'We, the People.'"

Democrats, we are the "We the People" party!

Last night, we reached a milestone of history. We nominated the first woman to be the President of the United States of America, Hillary Clinton — a woman of uncommon strength, a change-maker, a survivor. I am woman! Hear me roar!

But on the other hand, we have the Republican nominee, the man of fear; and Cleveland, the convention of fear. But we cannot choose fear.

We cannot elect a president who provides no hope to the laid-off union worker, no hope for the mother of five, and no hope for the researcher who might find a cure for cancer. We cannot elect a leader who is willfully ignorant to the outcry of young people who want real criminal justice reform, and real responsible gun safety legislation now.

Not another Newtown, Charleston, Orlando, Baton Rouge, or Dallas.

The Republican nominees of fear are not for our America. So, Democrats, we must be determined in our fight, demanding of each other, discerning of the facts, and demonstrative of our movement. The universe is dark, but there are bright, bright, bright stars that light the way and they will guide us to a safer, more prosperous, more equitable America. The winds of change are at our backs, Clinton and Kaine, and we must march on, march on.

And together, elect Hillary Clinton.

So stand up Democrats! Stand up and see those stars! Stand up and see the light!

