As some of you may know, I support Bernie Sanders and the movement behind him. And Bernie has already succeeded in so many ways. He proved that Citizens United is in fact not a necessary evil, and by the way, Citizens United, isn't that such a beautiful name for something that means billionaires buying politicians? Good lord. Rails against the very spirit of our democracy. And I'm very glad that Hillary has vowed to overturn it.

Not only did Bernie wake us up, he made us understand what is possible and what we deserve. You know, my shrink says we don't get what we want, we get what we think we deserve. And Bernie showed us that all of America's citizens deserve quality healthcare and education, not just the wealthy elite. I know, it sounds so obvious, who wouldn't agree with that? But it's not what's been happening.

You know, I happen to believe the crazy notion that people who weren't born with the same opportunities as you and me should be given the same opportunities as you and me. And all it takes to accomplish this is everyone. Is all of us. Or as a pretty kick-ass woman once said, it takes a village.

This Democratic primary was exemplary. No name calling, no comments about the size of candidates' hands or ethnicity,or how much they sweat or if they go to the bathroom. Inside secret: they do. That stuff is for third graders. Like c'mon, major arrested development stuff, that's I'm-still-emotionally-four-and-calling-people-names-from-my-gold-encrusted-sandbox-because-I-was-given-money-instead-of-human-touch-or-coping-tools stuff. But I digress.

Hillary heard the passion of the people, the people behind Bernie, and brought those passions into the party's platform, and that, that is the process of democracy at its very best, and it's very cool to see.

Hillary is our Democratic nominee, and I will proudly vote for her. It's so inspiring. It's so inspiring, just a few years ago, she was a secretary, and now she's going to be president. I mean, c'mon. She's like the only person ever to be overqualified for a job—as the president.

So I tell you this, I will vote for Hillary with gusto, as I continue to be inspired and moved to action by the ideals set forth by Bernie, who will never stop fighting for us. I am proud to be a part of Bernie's movement and a vital part of that movement, and a vital part of that movement is making sure Hillary Clinton is the next president of the United States. Boo yah. Baba booey.