We have a historic opportunity to elect a leader who is ready to tackle all of the issues we face as a nation — both as Commander-in-Chief and as a mother and grandmother who understands the challenges of families.

We, as a nation, are anxious about the volatility around the world. I want an experienced and level-headed President who knows what it's like to make decisions in the White House Situation Room. And I trust Hillary Clinton to keep us safe.

I also look forward to the day – and I can see it from here – when we have a President who knows first-hand how women's economic security is tied to issues like access to women's health care, equal pay for the same work, and long-term care for our disabled children and aging parents.

We have a motto in Congress: When women succeed, America succeeds.

But that motto seems to scare Donald Trump and Mike Pence.

We all know how Donald Trump talks about women. He's suggested that working mothers aren't "giving 100 percent" at their jobs. He calls breastfeeding "disgusting." He thinks that equal pay for women "gets away from capitalism."

Now, he has a running mate who thinks women belong in the home — not running companies, not serving in the military, and certainly not running the country.

Look, I am fortunate to serve my constituents in New Mexico as a member of Congress. I am also a proud mother of two incredible daughters. I am Grandma GG to my beautiful granddaughter, Avery, and I am the primary caregiver for my mom. Caregiving is part of who I am.

But it's also financially and emotionally draining for both my mom and me. Hillary Clinton understands we need to support the millions of families who are caring for their aging or disabled family members.

When she says she'll fight for an America where every woman has the economic security she needs to live the life she wants and deserves, I believe her. Because when Hillary Clinton says she's going to do something, she gets it done.

Hillary Clinton stands with us, and we're with her. And we will be stronger as a nation with Hillary Clinton as the next President.

Thank you.

