In 2008, before I came to Congress, my wife, Jill, and I got to meet Hillary Clinton.

More importantly, our two daughters, Gabby and Serena, got to meet her.

They were 12 years old. They showed Hillary these cute dolls of theirs – dolls that wore shirts that read: "One day, a girl will be President."

That wasn't just a dream of my daughters, it was a dream of my mother.

She passed away in December.

In one of our last conversations, she talked about how excited she was to live to see a woman president.

And, at 91, she knew what her granddaughters knew at 12: Electing Hillary Clinton isn't about making history. It's about creating the future.

It's not about electing a woman. It's about electing THIS woman – who will create opportunity for all of us.

That opportunity is what my dad fought for when he served in World War II and earned a Purple Heart at the Battle of the Bulge.

It's what I'm fighting for when I serve the great people of South Florida, including so many members of the Greatest Generation.

Now, we all have to fight for the only candidate who will protect the Social Security and Medicare our seniors have earned and not slash it.

Get unlimited money out of politics and not encourage it.

Always stand by Israel and the Jewish community and not offend it.

And stand up to the NRA and never coddle it.

We have to start fighting, right now.

To find out how you can help, text "FL" to 47246!

We have to vote this November – AND October.

If you're lucky enough to live in a state like Florida that lets you vote early or vote by mail, do it!

When Hillary Clinton met my daughters, she signed her name on the shirts their dolls were wearing.

This year, my daughters are old enough to vote in their first presidential election.

When they look at their ballots, they'll see that same name: Hillary Clinton.

And they'll proudly mark the box next to it.

This OCTOBER, my daughters will cast their first EARLY votes for America's first woman President.

And as their dad, like so many parents, I couldn't be prouder of my kids, of our candidate, and of our country.

