I've known Hillary Clinton more than 20 years – as First Lady, Senator, Secretary of State, mentor, and friend. Six months from now I'll know her by another name: Madam President.

I met Hillary while greeting her and President Clinton with my four sisters on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in January 1993. I could never have imagined years later, she'd write, call, check up on me in law school, help win my first-ever campaign for Kentucky Secretary of State, and stand by my side as I took on Mitch McConnell, one of the Senate's biggest bullies.

I'm proud to be part of a new generation of Southern Democrats, and I wouldn't be here without Hillary. For me, this is personal. I know it is for you, too.

The Hillary I know is caring. She reminds me to slow down and spend time with family. She was the first to call when each of my grandmothers passed. And I know how she wears the names of those closest to her heart – her grandchildren – on a bracelet she's never without.

The Hillary I know loves HGTV and devours buffalo wings. And more than anything else, she loves to listen.

The Hillary I know fights for all people through causes we've both championed including:

Equal pay. As an original co-sponsor of the Lilly Ledbetter Act, Hillary won't rest until every woman receives equal pay. She knows it's not a woman's issue; it's a family issue.

Voting rights. Hillary believes, like me, that if you've paid your debt to society, you shouldn't be sentenced to a lifetime of disenfranchisement.

And the Hillary I know is a fighter for college affordability, pensions for retired coal miners, and affordable health care.

In other words, she fights for everything Donald Trump fights against.

In this election, we have a chance to send a message. If you condemn the hate speech and divisive policies of Trump's GOP, stand up. If you condemn the gridlock and obstruction, stand up. If you think the last thing America needs is an unsteady, unqualified bully who points fingers at the defenseless rather than offering a helping hand, stand up.

Together, let's stand up and elect the person who's always stood with us: Hillary Clinton.