Good evening, Democrats! I am thrilled to join you here in Philadelphia. It's my honor to serve as the youngest member in the Tennessee General Assembly, representing the "Fighting 26" Tennessee House Democratic Caucus.

My fellow young people, we have a choice, and it's crystal clear! What side of history do we want to be on? Which political leader will we allow to define our generation? Will we raise our voice and demand a leader who will fight for debt-free college for all and make community college free, a leader who will help people loaded down with crippling student loan debt, a leader who will push new strategies to combat the problems people in our generation face? Will you join me and support a leader who understands that the deep racial wounds of our country have not yet healed, but together we can work to be the change we wish to see in the world?

Will you stand with a leader who has defined her life by helping the least among us – from going down to segregated Alabama as a law student, to working with the Children's Defense Fund, to fighting for healthcare for children across this nation, to standing up for women everywhere and proclaiming before the world that "Women's rights are human rights, and human rights are women's rights."

The stakes are too high, the consequences too severe. In Cleveland last week, the RNC nominated a man who has built his campaign on words that divide us and walls that divide us and approved a party platform that enshrines intolerance. Whether you're a Republican, Democrat, or Independent; whether you're black, white, Latino, or Asian; gay, straight, or transgender; whether you run a ranch, a farm, a church, or a beauty shop down in Memphis – Secretary Clinton is a fighter for us all.

These next few months won't be easy. But when has fighting for what's right ever been easy? Working together, we are stronger and more powerful than we ever dare dream. So stand up! Go back to your cities and states! And make sure Secretary Hillary Clinton is the next President of the United States of America.

