The question was simple. Megan Andrade, a student at the University of New Hampshire, asked Donald Trump about his plan to fight climate change. Trump mocked her, like he's mocked so many others. But climate change is no joke. From floods in Miami, to droughts in California, to forest fires in Colorado, and rising sea levels in Virginia, it's clear. Climate change is here, and it's having a devastating impact.

I'm Gene Karpinski, President of the League of Conservation Voters. Our very top priority this year is electing Hillary Clinton the next President of the United States!

The stakes could not be higher.

Climate change is happening now. Yet Donald Trump calls it —  and I quote — "a hoax!"

And more than just deny it, his policies would make climate change worse. His energy "plan" would mean more pollution in our air, more poison in our water, and more public lands stripped for private profit. That may be good for the Koch brothers and Big Oil. But Trump's policies would be terrible for our families or our future.

That's why today we're naming Donald Trump to our Dirty Dozen list — I can't imagine anyone more deserving!

And it's why we must elect Hillary Clinton our next President.

We proudly endorsed Hillary last November: the earliest in our history. Why? Hillary is a proven leader with a vision and plan to combat climate change and to make America the clean energy superpower of the 21st century.

Her solutions are win-win-win-win — good for our economy, our security, our health, and our planet.

And she's not just a leader on climate change and clean energy. She called attention to the drinking water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and has ambitious plans to rebuild our aging infrastructure and fight for environmental justice.

So this November, the question is simple.

Are we going to protect polluter profits? Or protect public health?

Are we going to go backward on our policy successes? Or continue forward?

Are we going to elect a climate denier? Or a climate champion?

We're Stronger Together! Let's show Megan Andrade, and millions of young people like her, that we're fighting for their future!

Let's act on climate and elect Hillary Clinton! Thank you very much!

