I was born in Detroit. For decades, I've watched our city lose tens of thousands of jobs. I'm 58 years old and the population of our city has declined every year I've been alive.

But that's changing now as our city's recovery is fueled by a renewed spirit of unity and a commitment to creating a comeback that includes all Detroiters.

That's the idea that drives us.

And it drives Hillary Clinton. Because when she looks at Detroit — and every other city in America — she sees the opportunity to create an economy in which everyone benefits. That's the kind of strong, steady leadership America needs.

I ran for mayor of Detroit with a central message that we needed to end our historic divisions. I finished every speech the entire campaign by saying, "We need to build a Detroit where it doesn't matter if you are black, brown, white, Christian, Jewish, Muslim, whether you're gay or straight, born in the city of Detroit or are an immigrant — everyone will be equally valued and everyone will have real opportunity."

And that's the city that is starting to emerge.

Detroit is 18 months out of bankruptcy, something Donald Trump knows a little bit about. But unlike Trump, Detroit is only doing bankruptcy once.

Thanks to a great partnership with President Obama, and his administration's extraordinary economic record of creating 14 million new jobs. Jobs are returning to Detroit — new auto plants and businesses are opening, Detroit's unemployment rate has been cut in half, and people are moving back.

But Detroit's true test is the same facing the next president: Are we creating an economy that works for everyone, or just those at the top?

In four nights of speeches in Cleveland, did you hear a single idea on how to do that? Did you hear any plan to protect working families? No. You heard insults and fearmongering. You heard angry, irrational rhetoric. The parroting of slogans stitched on hats.

Compare that to what you've heard — and what you are going to hear — from Hillary Clinton.

Creating good-paying jobs by investing in infrastructure and clean energy, and offering tax credits to companies that create real job training through new apprenticeships. She wants to make college debt-free, and she wants to reward companies that share profits with their employees.

Because Hillary Clinton knows the best way to bring our cities back is to give our citizens a real chance at good-paying jobs. That's why I want to help her become the next President of the United States.

And I want you to help too! So, get out there. Register your friends. Volunteer.

And this November, cast your vote for Hillary Clinton!

Thank you!

