Welcome to Philadelphia!

Our extraordinary team has worked tirelessly to make this week worthy of the history happening here at this, the 2016 Democratic National Convention.

We gather in Philadelphia, the birthplace of American democracy, to celebrate the most enduring of American values: that of "We The People."

When we, as Democrats, say, "We The People," it has, perhaps, a different meaning than it does for our friends on the other side of the aisle.

When Democrats say, "We The People," we actually mean "ALL The People."

This is the beauty of our party, that our tent is big enough for everyone.

We understand that whether we live in cities, suburbs or Indian Country, urban, rural or indigenous communities, we all want the same thing: to feel safe, empowered, and heard, and to have the tools and support we need to achieve the American Dream.

We understand that we have a mission, a mandate, and a moral obligation to work, fight, and act on behalf of all people, especially those who cannot work, fight, or act for themselves.

We have a mission to ensure our public leaders reflect the values of "ALL" the people they serve.

We have a mandate to leave no one behind, because none of us succeed unless all of us succeed.

We have a moral obligation, grounded in our common values, to live, not as islands unto ourselves, but in a beloved community with each other. And this beautiful idea requires that we recognize the intrinsic worth of every person, and starting right now to make an investment in their futures.

When the founding fathers wrote, "We The People," not even five miles from where we stand today, they set our country off on our ongoing journey toward a more perfect union.

This week, we will move one huge step closer to that goal by nominating a candidate, Hillary Clinton, who not only believes that "We The People" means "ALL The People," but that regardless of where you come from or what you look like, what you believe or who you love, we are always stronger together.

Thank you.