Hello, Democrats! I'm Brooks Bell, a technology entrepreneur in Raleigh, North Carolina. When I was 23 years old, I started my own company. It wasn't easy. Six months after launching, I had a stroke. I had to relearn to read, write, and talk. I was lucky. I recovered, and my fledgling company survived.

But that wasn't my only struggle. In fact, it was one of my many ups and downs — familiar to any small business with big dreams. I've gained and lost big clients. I've had to let wonderful employees go. It's given me the scars that I know many entrepreneurs share.

I believe in Hillary, because I know she also carries battle scars. Her relentless dedication to serve America over the past 30 years has been marked by hard choices — which makes this historic achievement all the more impressive. Her tenacity and toughness — her seasoned judgment — is exactly what we need in a president. We need someone ready for the hardest job on earth, day one. And that someone is Hillary Clinton!

Today, my company employs 40 people. We partner with some of the largest organizations in America to help make the internet easier to use. We're growing quickly. My company is strong, as is my health, thanks in part to ongoing investment in education, health care, and innovation. Like they say, "Thanks, Obama!"

However, I am worried — terrified — about what might happen if we elect Trump. I'm not just scared for my business, but for other young entrepreneurs like me. We've already seen the preview in my state of North Carolina. Earlier this year, our legislature passed what's known as the "bathroom bill," which caused the New York Times to describe North Carolina as a "pioneer in bigotry."

Besides being deeply embarrassing and morally wrong, it had an immediate and dramatic effect on our state economy. I watched a large company cancel their expansion, taking 400 good jobs with them. Two influential technology investors immediately banned investments in our state. The NBA just pulled the All-Star Game out of town. The total economic cost is already $190 million and counting.

What does this have to do with Trump? For starters, Trump selected Mike Pence as his running mate, the same Mike Pence who signed a discriminatory bill into Indiana law, with similar disastrous consequences. It's no surprise that The Economist has listed a Trump presidency as one of the top-ten risks to the world economy.

Friends, I'm here tonight because the story of my startup is the story of America. Because how we write our next chapter is up to us. Please join me in standing up for an inclusive country, with innovation and entrepreneurship fueling our economic prosperity.

Let's put Hillary Clinton where we need her most, as President of the United States of America.

