Good evening, Democrats! Philadelphia has always been a friendly place for Democrats, but I have to say, this week, there's a little extra brotherly love – and sisterly affection – in the air. For eight years, I was privileged to serve as the mayor of this great American city, Philadelphia. I'm proud that my administration and the host committee brought the convention to Philadelphia. I hope you've had a great time.

Philadelphia is my town. I grew up here. I built my career and raised my family here. And so it's with tremendous pride that – here in a city known for its history – I cast my ballot for our historic nominee: Hillary Clinton.

Now, I've known Hillary for decades. I've known her as a champion for our cities. I've known her as a change maker for our citizens. And I've known her as a leader whose career has been defined by a simple creed: GSD. Get Stuff Done.

As a city mayor, that's what we're expected to do every day. Our neighbors hold us accountable for our problems. Complicated problems don't have simple solutions. So we need a President whose ideas – and attention span – are longer than 140 characters. Hillary Clinton is a leader who won't let complexity be the enemy of opportunity. When she sees a problem, she makes a plan and she gets stuff done.

Now, she has a plan to make a historic investment in jobs. She has a plan to reform our broken criminal justice system. She has a plan to keep us safe from the epidemic of gun violence that is killing so many of our children – especially so many young black men – who are precious to our country and its future.

What's more, Hillary's plans have details. Because details matter. Trump says he has plans. But when you're looking down at America from the top of Trump Tower, you can't see the details. Because there are none.

After eight incredible years of progress under President Barack Obama, we can't afford to hand our country over to a con man who thinks the Presidency is an entry-level job on "The Apprentice."

Hillary Clinton is the only competent leader in this race. She is the champion our cities need, and she will be the President our citizens and our nation deserve.

She gets stuff done.

Thank you.

