Growing up, I was always told that a lady should never reveal her age. I'll simply say this, I am no spring chicken and I have seen a lot of things in my time. As a child, I saw and survived the segregated South. I sat at the back of the bus at a time when America wasn't yet as great as it could be.

As a grown woman, I saw the first black president reach down a hand and touch the face of a child like I once was, lifting his eyes toward a better future. But I have never, ever, in all my years seen a leader so committed to delivering that better future to America's children as Hillary Clinton.

Let me tell you when I first met Hillary. When Hillary graduated from law school, she could have gone to work for a corporation or a big law firm. Instead, she went to work for the Children's Defense Fund. She didn't sit in an office, either. She traded pumps for tennis shoes. Hillary went undercover, going door-to-door and school-to-school, investigating discrimination, and the treatment of children with disabilities.

At the same time that Donald Trump was facing a federal discrimination lawsuit for refusing to rent to minority families, Hillary Clinton risked her own safety to seek out the truth, to comfort the afflicted, and to make a home for justice where there was none.

It was at the Children's Defense Fund that I met Hillary. I was 21, feisty, and ready to fight. And I remember thinking immediately, here is a woman who doesn't mess around. Steel in her spine, Hillary didn't want to talk about anything other than how to make children's lives better. That's the Hillary I know. That's who she is. When nobody was watching, she quietly toiled away for the voiceless among us.  

Over her career, that never changed. From expanding early childhood education as First Lady of Arkansas, to helping win health care for 8 million children as First Lady of the United States, to standing up for women and girls here at home, and around the world as Secretary of State, she has never forgotten what she learned in that very first job.

At her core, rooting her to this earth, is the belief that every child, black or white, rich or poor, native-born, immigrant, or undocumented, deserves the opportunity to live up to their God-given potential.

My friends, as a child I sat in the back of the bus. I was told, time and time again, that God's potential didn't exist in people like me. I've spent my life fighting to change that. And, from the first day when I met Hillary Clinton, I've known that she's someone who cares just as much and fights just as hard.

As long as she's in charge, we are never going back. That's why I'm with Her.