Hello Democrats!

I'm a proud Democrat from the progressive state of California. The primary season has ended, and we have so much to be proud of. As a member of the platform committee, I have no problem with giving Bernie Sanders credit for contributing to our historic progressive platform. I am thrilled to acknowledge Secretary Hillary Clinton's work to unite and strengthen our Democratic Party.

Tomorrow night, Hillary Clinton will accept the party's nomination and we must leave this convention energized and committed to winning in November. America, we have a winner in waiting! The next President of the United States, Hillary Rodham Clinton.

I am so proud to support a woman who has the skill to meet with world leaders, kings, and queens, and who commands respect from our friends and our foes alike.

I'm elated to have a candidate who understands diplomacy, global security, and the importance of climate protection.

I am so thankful we have Hillary Clinton, whose life of public service is not mythical but real and profound.

Hillary Clinton will have the trust of our disabled Americans. She will never mock or disrespect them. She will work to improve their lives. And she will not allow our veterans to be patronized or forgotten.

I know Hillary Clinton will create a place at the table for all. African-Americans, Latinos, Asians, the LGBT community, Native Americans, Jews, Muslims, AMEs, Baptists, Methodists, Pentecostals. Everyone will be welcome in Hillary Clinton's White House.

Hillary Clinton is not intimidated by the NRA. Gun violence must be stopped! She will not rule with fear and predictions of failure. And while she will work to support our police, she will also support fair police policies. The lost lives of unarmed citizens must stop. Black Lives Matter!

And oh yes! Women of America, women of the world, we will be treated with dignity and respect. We will not be judged by our appearance, our size, or our accent. We will not be denied freedom of choice. We will demonstrate our talents, and we will prosper.

Hillary's experience uniquely qualifies her to be the next President of the United States of America!

