Donald Trump: Basta! Abajo!

Like Hillary Clinton, I've spent my life fighting for human rights — for workers, for women, for immigrants, for the LGBT community, for every person who needs a voice. And with Donald Trump on the ballot, we can't be quiet.

He insults Latinos like we're second-class citizens — like we're visitors to this country. But I've got news for him: We've been here all along. We helped build and continue to build this country.

My great-grandfather, Marshall St. John, fought in the Civil War on the Union side. My father, Juan Fernández, was a farmer, an accountant, an assemblyman, and served in World War II like César Chávez. My mother, Alicia St. John, was a businesswoman.

Eight hundred thousand Latinos turn 18 every year and their contributions will sustain Medicare and Social Security for our seniors. We aren't a footnote in the American story. We're helping write it! And we're going to take our Latino power and use it this November. Our votes will increase paychecks. Our votes will get immigration reform. Our votes will ensure reproductive rights for women.

We have to be active Democrats. Every Democrat is a potential activist. Every moment is an organizing moment. Every minute is a chance to get voters ready, to educate them, to knock on doors, and make sure they get involved. Election day is the most important day in our life.

I've known and worked with Hillary for 25 years. And this is why I trust her. During my lifetime, Hillary and the Democratic Party have always stood up for Latinos.

With an experienced and visionary leader like Hillary in the driver's seat — and Tim Kaine as the copilot — she will lead us on the journey for justice and equality.

But she can't do it alone. We are the energy. We are the wheels. And she can't go forward without us.

Donald Trump needs to get out of the way. And if he doesn't, we're going to move him out of the way.

We will show Donald Trump and his friends who's got the power.

Who's got the power?

Who's got the power?

What kind of power?

Voting power.

Now let's use it this November.

Abajo Trump!

Sí Se Puede.

