Engage with purpose. Organize with heart. Win every day.

That's the motto of our organizing program on the Hillary Clinton campaign.

I'm an organizer at heart and organize every day on behalf of my mother. For 35 years, she taught 4th and 5th grade at an under-resourced public school in my hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. She used her own money to buy pencils, paper, and other items 'cause she believed that all kids deserved an education regardless of the zip code they lived in.

Like my mother, Hillary Clinton has fought for kids for over 30 years. Hillary also believes in organizing, because she knows we are Stronger Together. That's why on July 18, we announced a campaign-wide push to register and commit 3 million people to vote during the campaign.

3 Million Stronger is about taking action in our communities, bringing many voters into this process, including the voices of young voters, and organizing in all 50 states across the country for Democrats up and down the ticket.

In fact, we have some great organizing happening around the country right now:

Denver, CO
Hosting our watch party in Denver, Colorado tonight is the Reverend Lucia Guzman, minority leader of the Colorado State Senate.

Madison, WI
Our crew in Madison, Wisconsin is at the famous Old Fashioned bar downtown. Their host is Brendan Cohen, who works with his local College Democrats chapter.

New York, NY
We've got people gathered in Midtown Manhattan, our host there is Francesca Hogi, who grew up in the Bronx and was one of our best volunteers during the New York primary.

Richmond, VA
Our last group is in Richmond, Virginia, home of the next Vice President of the United States, Tim Kaine. Our host there is 12-year-old Elijah Coles-Brown.

After today, the folks you just met will go out into their neighborhoods and register or commit people to vote and participate in 3 Million Stronger. You can too.

Take out your phones right now, you can do this at home, too. Take those phones out. Now text "WIN" to 47246 to join us. That's W-I-N to 4-7-2-4-6.

After you have committed or registered to vote, then come volunteer like Ellen Merrill from Nevada.

Ellen is in her 80s and comes to the office nearly every day to call voters. She has said, as President Clinton said this week, she has more yesterdays than tomorrows. And that's why she's working so hard.

If Ellen can do it, you can too. So let's stand together. Let's stand with Ellen, and together, let's win in November.

Thank you!

