 Good afternoon! It's truly an honor to address this convention. Because frankly, I wouldn't be here without the policies of the Democratic Party.

My parents got divorced when I was five. My father left for a time, and my mother had to go on welfare. She worked hard to support me and my brother. But we also had help, a lot of help. We used lunch vouchers at school and food stamps at the supermarket. And after we moved out of our house, a federal subsidy allowed us to get an apartment and stay in a town with good public schools. It wasn't easy. But we eventually got back on our feet because of the investments Democrats had made to support struggling families. Families like mine.

So I know first hand that the decisions our leaders make can make all the difference in people's lives. That's why I chose a career in public policy. And that's why I am so proud to support Hillary Clinton.

For decades, Hillary has championed the issues that matter to working families: child care, paid leave, equal pay. But she doesn't just talk the talk. She walks the walk.

I know – because I worked for her as I was starting my own family. I fretted about working for an intense senator when my daughter was so young. But no matter how busy Hillary got, she always made family flexibility a reality for her staff. Once, she flipped around her entire travel schedule so I'd make it to my daughter's pre-K graduation. In fact, Hillary was the second person to call me in the hospital when my first child was born, and she was the first person to call me when my second child was born. I don't know what that says about my family, but I know what it says about Hillary: She's there for people. She has your back.

And that matters in Washington. What you do – not just what you say – matters.

For Hillary, politics is about fighting for people. Not when the cameras are on, but when they are off. Not when the decisions are easy, but when they are hard.  She's a leader we can have faith in. And she'll be a president we can count on to always have our back.

Thank you so much.