I'm here tonight, in part, because my home state of Minnesota has been hit hard by tragedy. And we're not alone. Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Dallas, Texas; and Falcon Heights, Minnesota should tell us that we need a wise, compassionate, and strong leader for all Americans.

When I was elected to the United States Senate 16 years ago, I was seated next to the new Senator from New York, Hillary Clinton. For the next six years, I saw – up close and in person – precisely the kind of leader this country needs right now. In the Senate, Hillary was a trusted partner on both sides of the aisle. She listened to people explain their problems, not just from New York but throughout our entire country. She championed their causes, because she shared the belief of Minnesota's great Senator Paul Wellstone that we all do better when we all do better. 

Hillary Clinton has dedicated her life to serving the needs of others.

Donald Trump, on the other hand – well, Donald Trump has dedicated his life to serving himself. He's driven small businesses into the ground by refusing to pay his bills. He's played his shareholders for suckers and ripped off hard-working, responsible Americans. At every turn in his life, he has stepped on others just to climb a little higher himself. And now he wants to step over all of us.

But Democrats – we're going to send him a message, aren't we? My old partner in the Senate, Hillary Clinton, will make sure of that. She has been traveling all over this country, listening and learning and offering real solutions to the problems Americans face: a 100-days jobs plan that includes the largest investment in good-paying jobs since World War II, a plan to make debt-free college available to everyone, 12 weeks of paid family and medical leave, and giving every four-year-old a chance to go to high-quality preschool.

Hillary Clinton will also bring her lifelong fight for universal healthcare – including the choice of a public option – to the White House. Thanks to President Obama and the Affordable Care Act, we've made a lot of progress getting people covered. But for too many families, out-of-pocket costs are still too high. Prescription drugs are still too expensive. It's time we decided once and for all that the purpose of health insurance is to give Americans the health care they need at prices they can afford, not to pad the profits of corporate America. If they won't do it, we will, and Hillary Clinton will lead the charge.

America needs a president who will pull us together and move us ahead, a president who knows we are "Stronger Together." This president is Hillary Clinton.

The choice could not be clearer. The choice could not be more important. And that's why I am so proud to stand with all of you and to support Hillary Clinton as the next President of the United States.

