In the name of God, The Most Gracious, The Most Merciful.

We ask you, O God, to look upon this Democratic National Convention through the eye of Your infinite mercy. As the events of the day challenge us in our ability to hear each other, trust each other, and want for each other what we want for ourselves, we ask You, O God, to restore our hearts to their God-given capacity for human connection, empathy, and love.

Our times call for the very best from our political leaders. Guide them, O God, to their very highest selves. Teach them that of all the things that nations produce, none is more beloved to You than justice tempered with compassion. As a Muslim sage once put it: "God will aid a just nation, even if it is unbelieving; and God will not aid an unjust nation even if it is believing." Many nations, due to arrogance, heedlessness, or just bad leadership, have been blinded to this truth. Please, God, do not place us among such nations.  

We are not a perfect country. But we ask You, O God, to inspire us always to strive to be a better country.  Grant us the courage to acknowledge and make amends for our errors, including the ways we have devalued, compromised and stigmatized all too many American lives, especially black lives. Yet, let none of our grievances, no matter how legitimate, desensitize us to the sanctity of all innocent human life, including the lives of law enforcement, who bravely serve in a dangerous yet all-too-often thankless job.

Today, the scourge of terrorism threatens our people and the entire world. Protect us, O God, from this evil menace and guide us to the appropriate and most effective response. But rid us as well of that hurtful habit of stereotyping entire peoples. Whether it is anti-Semitism or Islamophobia, let there be no place for such bigotry in our country.

O God, You are the light of the heavens and the earth, neither eastern nor western. Shine Your guiding light upon this Democratic National Convention. Shine Your guiding light into the hearts of our political leaders. And shine Your guiding light, O God, upon the people of the United States of America. Amīn.

