I know Hillary Clinton. I've worked alongside her. I've competed against her.

And I know Tim Kaine. As governors of neighboring states, we've worked together for years.

I am here to tell you that Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine are as tough as they come. They never give up. They never give in. They never stop fighting for children and families because they know, when our families are strong, America is strong.

Now, Donald Trump is a different story. Donald Trump doesn't fight for you. Instead, he insults people who disagree with him. He makes his followers fearful of tomorrow. He feeds off of a deep-seated and dangerous anger.

But anger never fed a hungry child; anger never protected a family's home or sent a kid to college. Anger never built a great Republic.

I say to hell with Trump's American nightmare. We believe in the American Dream.

We believe what Hillary Clinton believes: That no American family who works hard should have to raise their children in poverty. And we believe in opportunity for all and an economy where wages go up and not down.

But Donald Trump? He has actually said, "Wages are too high."

American wages, too high? I'll tell you what's too high: College tuition, that's too high. The cost of child care, that's too high. The number of American children who live in poverty and go to bed hungry every night, that's too high. Donald Trump's opinion of himself ‑ way, way too high.

And actually, Donald, American wages are a too low and Hillary Clinton will fight to make sure that every family who works hard can get ahead.

On climate change, Hillary Clinton, like you and me, believes in science. She understands climate change is not only a real threat, it is also the greatest job creation opportunity to come to the United States in a hundred years.

Donald Trump doesn't believe in the science. He says, "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese." I'll tell you what: If the Chinese were really capable of designing some kind of diabolical farce to hurt America, they wouldn't invent global warming. They'd invent Donald Trump.

Donald Trump has been a bully his whole life. But here's what I learned on playgrounds in Catholic school: all bullies are cowards in disguise.

But unlike that immigrant-bashing, carnival barker, Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton actually knows the enduring symbol of America is not a barbed wire fence. It is the Statue of Liberty!

My fellow Democrats ‑ anger and fear had their moment last week. Now it's our time.

Time to stand up for each other, stand up for our shared promise, stand up for the goodness and hope of every American heart. It's time to put Donald Trump in his place, and it's time to put a strong woman in hers ‑ the White House!

It's time to elect Hillary Clinton!