Our nation was born here in Philadelphia 240 years ago. Our Founding Fathers gave us a great start. But it was the Founding Mothers who said, "Do not forget the ladies or they will foment a revolution!" They started the job, but we're going to keep it going.

Yes, we do break barriers.

I broke a barrier when I became the first Democratic woman elected to the Senate in her own right, and first woman to chair the powerful Senate Committee on Appropriations.

So, it is with a full heart that I am here today as we nominate Hillary Clinton to be the first woman president.

Many of you have broken barriers. You were the first to go to college. You were the first to start a business. Maybe the first to be a citizen. But you knew when you broke a barrier you didn't do it for yourself. You did it so others would not have to face them again.

That's what Hillary wants to do. She wants to break down all the barriers to opportunity.

You can count on her.

Some people want to rant. Hillary wants to get results. She'll work hard for you. She'll fight for your day-to-day needs and the long-range needs of the country. She'll fight for the macro issues and the macaroni and cheese issues. So you'll have national security and economic security. So you will have an opportunity to have a good job in a good neighborhood with a good school. And your kids will have a really good future.

So you will have equal pay for equal work, living wages, and health care that's there when you need it.

So, yes, it's about the new jobs in new fields like solar energy. But it's so much more.

She wants that job to light up your home, light up your community, and light up your life. She wants that little light in you just to shine.

The Hillary I know listens. The Hillary I work with is duty-driven, unflagging, and unflinching.

She is a leader.

And so, on behalf of all the women who've broken down barriers for others,

And with an eye toward the barriers still ahead,

I proudly place Hillary Clinton's name in nomination to be the next President of the United States of America.