Donald Trump is a man of vision: he isn't a wide eyed dreamer, but someone who sees what others don't, and turns that vision into reality, making life better for people and communities across the nation.

I have experienced this firsthand at The Trump Winery and Hotel, which I manage.

When Donald Trump purchased the winery in 2011 it was in receivership. Quickly and decisively he went to work: building the hotel, replanting vines, and making it a world class destination and the largest vineyard in  Virginia.

Today we directly employ more than 100 people and support countless other entrepreneurs, contractors, and suppliers throughout the region.

We generate millions in revenue and millions more in taxes, and have a regional economic impact of nearly $50 million a year which has further strengthened and sustained the community in which our employees and I live

At the winery the returns have been impressive, with nearly 100 percent sales growth in just five years. I've not just seen this happen: I've helped make it happen, and I can tell you it would not have happened without Donald Trump and his family.

Let me be clear: it was not easy, and it was not inevitable.

It took a team of hard working, dedicated employees: but it takes more than hard work alone.

Our success would not have come to pass without the leadership and the vision of the Trumps.

You often hear Donald Trump talk, but what you don't see is when he listens. He and his son Eric listen attentively and ask questions that lead to engaged,

informed decisions based on the expert knowledge of those who have earned their trust.

That trust is rewarded not just with compensation but with authority and resources.

The Trumps have also given a gift to those who know them, an approach and an outlook to life by which will always guide me.

Because of them I now think bigger, and in ways I thought might not even be possible.

Donald Trump has told me that a person's own work ethic and drive are the  only limitations to success.

I now believe that and know it to be true.

This isn't just a platitude: at Trump Winery it is real, and I'll tell you it is rare.

It's been accompanied by respect for my accomplishments, and the opportunity to develop and grow professionally.

That is a direct result of the Trumps' leadership: leadership that we now need more today, more than ever, in our country.