Over the years, Hillary Clinton has done a lot and said a lot to show why she should not be president.

But how she treated government secrets as Secretary of State, and what she said before and after she was caught, sums up the case against her.

She sent and received secret, and top-secret, and beyond-top-secret emails on an unsecure private email system instead of on the secure government system – and she did it without authorization.

She said – falsely – that there was no classified information. She said –  falsely – that what she did was authorized.

And what else did she say – falsely? She said, "When we traveled to sensitive places like Russia, we often received warnings from department security officials  to leave our blackberrys, laptops – anything that communicated with the outside world – on the plane, with their batteries removed to prevent foreign intelligence services from compromising them." She said, "Even in friendly settings we conducted business under strict security precautions, taking care when and how  we read secret material and used our technology." That's from her book. The title  of the book -- ironically – is "hard choices."

In reality, we now know that she chose to use her private email overseas, in countries hostile to the United States and that have sophisticated hacking capability. Although her system was so remarkably primitive the FBI could not figure out whether or not it had been hacked, we know that the emails of people with whom she communicated were hacked.

About her emails we have to ask ourselves the infamous question that  she asked about the death of four Americans in Benghazi – "what difference, at this point, does it make?"

Well, it makes a big difference.

This is the only country in the world that was founded on a law – the Constitution.

Hillary is running for an office – the presidency -- whose powers and duties are defined by that law. The most important power that law gives the president is to be commander in chief of the armed forces – to protect the  country.

That law imposes on the president the duty to "take care that the laws be faithfully executed." That law – the Constitution – specifically requires that before taking up those powers and duties, the president swear to "faithfully execute" the office, and "preserve, protect and defend" the  Constitution.

Hillary Clinton took a similar oath before she became secretary of state.

What that means is that Hillary Clinton is asking us, as Americans, to make her the first president to take the oath of office after already violating that  oath.

Our message for anyone watching these proceedings should be simple:  NO WAY