Thank you.

I grew up in Tecumseh, a small town in Oklahoma. It was one of those all-American towns where everyone watches high school football on Friday nights, and neighbors take care of neighbors. In Tecumseh, we understood poverty. But it wasn't a destiny that was inevitable. We were optimistic about the future, and knew we could succeed with hard work, a good education and faith in God.

There weren't many opportunities for young women, but we did have a great role model: the mayor, my mom. She taught me if I worked hard, I could be anything. I took that lesson to heart, and eventually became the first female governor of Oklahoma.

Even at a time when the shadow of institutional discrimination fell over much of our country, there was no shortage of African-American heroes. Black Oklahomans like Clara Luper were leading sit-ins and successfully integrating schools across the state, winning the fight for respect and opportunity. So, when I look back on my childhood, my America, I don't see a perfect place. But we were united by a simple belief: that no matter who you were or where you came from, better days were just ahead for America.

Today, I'm afraid we're losing that sense of unity and optimism, not just in towns like Tecumseh, but across this land. Our country is divided, our people are afraid, and our spirits are nearly broken. But we can't allow hopelessness to become the new normal. And we won't.

The American people are longing for the American dream where they can get a fair shake at life and the opportunity to succeed. We must make America One Again and restore confidence in the strength of our nation.

It is no secret Donald Trump is a bold, tenacious, courageous and outspoken leader. He knows how to create jobs and successful businesses. He has bold ideas and speaks truth to power. He is a man who will get this country on the right track, who believes in peace through strength and will protect America against radical Islamic terrorists who seek our destruction. Our nation has united time and time again on our core values of freedom, individual liberty and justice for all - the principles on which our country was founded, and the principles that Donald Trump unapologetically stands for.

We are one in our belief that America must address the national debt – not by increasing taxes – but by increasing opportunity. We are one in our belief that we must protect our borders, and promote fair trade that puts American workers first. We are one in our belief that we must stand with allies like Israel, a beacon of freedom and democracy in the Middle East. We are one in our belief that we must respect and honor our military, veterans, and law enforcement, whose sacrifice keeps us safe and free. And we are one in our belief in that every life is precious, regardless of race or class, including the lives of unborn children.

As a party, we don't agree 100 percent on everything. That's OK. We don't have to. As Ronald Reagan said, "the person who agrees with you 80 percent of the time is a friend and ally." We invite every American who believes in these principles, who longs for an end to division and wants to make America one again, to join us in electing Donald Trump president of the United States.

May God bless you all, and may God bless America!