Hello Republicans, are you Ready to elect the next President of these United States of America? I'm Pastor Mark Burns from the Great State of South Carolina!

It is so important Republicans, that we come together to defeat Hillary Clinton and those liberal race-baiting, Democrats who will do whatever it takes to keep us Americans focusing on the colors that divide us and not the colors that unite us. Because only together we will never allow Hillary Clinton to become the next President of the United States of America.

And I want to declare to the whole world and to the Republican Party that under a Donald Trump Administration, all lives matter. That means black lives, white lives, Hispanic lives, Asian lives, Christian lives, Muslim lives, shout with me, all lives matter.

Even though I disagree with the tactics and divisive rhetoric of the Black Lives Matter movement, I do understand that hopelessness and lack of opportunity breeds desperation.

This is true in many of our nation's ghettos and underprivileged communities. Much of protests in urban centers are born out of this kind of desperation. Good jobs, urban economic revitalization, and an opportunity for job training are long-term solutions that can turn our troubled cities around.

We as Republicans are declaring to the world that we are more determined than ever to listen to the cries of the disenfranchised, of the low-income and at-risk communities. And I know, without a shadow of doubt, that Donald J. Trump will make sure that all Americans will have   jobs!

And if we together, not as black Americans, white Americans, brown Americans, yellow Americans, or red Americans, but just as Americans, that we as a people will get to the promise land where jobs have returned to this country, college degrees replace mass incarcerations, and no matter what terrorist group that tries to destroy our way of life, we will always rise from the ashes, we will never die, why, because we are the United States of America! And despite the color you was born with, here in America, the only colors that matter is the colors of red, white and blue! USA. USA. USA.

I'm Pastor Mark Burns, and I invite you to help me elect the next President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump!