My name is Rick Scott, Governor of the great state of Florida.

Before I begin tonight, I want to express my gratitude to everyone who has kept us in their prayers after the horrific and hate-filled terrorist attack in Orlando a month ago. We have received an outpouring of support and love from Americans everywhere. The American people do stick up for each other. On behalf of the state of Florida: thank you, thank you, thank you!

I'm old enough to remember when terrorism was something that happened in foreign countries. Not today. How many more times does the evil of radical Islamic terrorism have to occur, before the President of the United States will muster the courage to face the truth? How many more "Orlandos," "San Bernadinos," or "Ft. Hoods" will happen until President Obama decides to be honest? I cried with the grieving moms and dads and brothers and sisters of the 49 people slaughtered by an ISIS-inspired terrorist. This war is real. It is here in America. And the next President must destroy this evil.

Donald Trump is the man for that job.

I met Donald about 20 years ago, before either of us ever ran for office. Let me tell you why this is the time for Donald to be President. A lot of politicians like to give speeches where they say "we are at a crossroads." But that's not really where we are. Today, America is in terrible world-record-high debt, our economy is not growing, our jobs are going overseas, we've allowed our military to decay, and we project weakness on the international stage. Washington grows while the rest of America struggles. The Democrats have not led us to a crossroads, they have led us to a cliff.

I know that some have reservations about my friend Donald Trump. Perhaps he's sometimes not polite. He can be a little rough. And he may be too direct. But, this election is not actually about Donald Trump, or Hillary Clinton. In fact, this election is not about you or me either. This election is about the very survival of the American Dream.

It's time for all Americans to put down the partisan banners, vote for the survival of the greatest country in the world, and do what is right for our country – Vote for Donald Trump!

Finally, I have some great news. This is the time America has been waiting for. This year, we get to fire the politicians! And who better to let the politicians in Washington know "you're fired" than Donald Trump?

We need a president who is politically incorrect and will tell it like it is. We need a President who isn't afraid of Washington. We need a President who doesn't believe government is the answer to every problem. We need a President who recognizes that great countries have borders. We need a President who will bring American jobs back to America. We need a President who is not afraid to say "radical Islamic terrorism." And we need a President who will wipe ISIS off the face of the earth.

And on every one of these measures Hillary Clinton fails. America is worth fighting for. Let's make America great again. Let's elect Donald Trump the next President of the United States.

