I was born an entrepreneur, by six years old I knew it. 

My dream was to be a circus performer so I decided to have a circus at my house. I made tickets, sold them door to door, I even dressed my baby brother as a clown and taught my dog new tricks. I was ready for my big day. 

When people started arriving, my parents had no idea about the circus taking place. Embarrassed, they refunded money to my guests and apologized. I was so upset. Afterwards my dad sat me down and told me any dream you have is possible as long as you're willing to do the work it takes to get the job done. Then he added, "after you go to college." 

But I couldn't wait. Taking my dad's advice, I partnered with the neighborhood kids to be part of my circus, and we charged our parents to watch the show. We continued to have our Circus show for over a year. My dad told me I earned great candy money that year! 

Fast forward 26 years. Planning for my 20th high school reunion, I decided to check out the girls I went to school with. What I noticed was that my girlfriends looked like Barbies and drove BMWs.  I was 30 pounds overweight, a stay at home mom and drove a minivan. 

I decided I needed a change. I began to dream again. I took a leap of faith and started my own network marketing business from home. Like many people who pursue a dream, I had to learn how to fail forward and never quit. 

I also had to become the type of person I wanted in my business. Within just two years, my husband was able to retire from 28 years at DOD. Jim Van Etten now homeschools our kids because we choose not to subject them to Common Core. 

I opened a fashion studio called MV House of Style in Brandon, Florida. Today I run a thriving multi-faceted business. I am living the American Dream. 

But that dream is in jeopardy. My fear is that the next generation – the millennial - who over half of them have an entrepreneurial spirit and want to be their own boss – will not be able to because of the liberal policies that have been implemented over the past eight years.These policies – including higher taxes and excessive regulations – are crushing the American Dream. 

Small businesses are the backbone of the American economy. 

We need these entrepreneurs. 

We live in the land of opportunity. 

We need to protect the American Dream above all else. 

Are we willing to let government bureaucrats and liberal policies destroy the innovative spirit?If not, then we have to take action. 

We need a president who is businessman not a Hillary-crat. 

Who understands small businesses are the backbone of America. Who will not raise taxes.Who will repeal Obamacare so small businesses can start offering insurance to their employees again. 

Who will end Common Core and protect our children's education. Who will encourage creativity and innovation. Who will bring manufacturing back to America. Who will make America great and safe again. 

There is only one man capable of this juggling act.  Only one man who can take the circus we've inherited from the last eight years and serve as the ultimate ringmaster. 

There is only one man who can preserve and protect the American Dream for future generations. 

That man is Donald Trump. Thank you.  