Thank you governor, and thank you for having me. Serving my country and her people both on the field of battle and here at home has been my greatest honor.

Tonight I can't speak on behalf of all veterans, but what I can do is speak of my own experience and share first hand knowledge. 
I grew up around a number of Vietnam veterans. Their country asked them to serve, and they did their duty. But they came home to hate, ridicule and judgment.

But something interesting happened as a result. Those veterans and millions of their fellow citizens raised their sons and daughters to never treat our soldiers like that again.

My dad served in Vietnam and raised me to be patriotic, to love my country, to respect those who protect Her.
And those are the values I see in America today.  We respect our veterans,   and we know we have to take care of them. That's what they were promised, and that's what they deserve.

One of the easiest ways to help veterans is to let them choose their own doctor so they can get care when they need it. I appreciate that Donald Trump supports this idea. It's a great idea whose time has come.

It says a lot about this generation of Americans, that even when our government doesn't take care of its own, the citizens stand up and form foundations to help the wounded and families of the fallen. Thank you for that, from the bottom of my heart.

Americans know that each of us has a duty, and we're ready to do it.

Every one of us has to step up in some way. We need leaders to step up in government… citizens to step up and hold leaders accountable… and some will have to step up and answer the call of service.

Whether that means fighting on a foreign field of battle like I did, or protecting and serving on our own city streets… everyone who keeps America safe deserves our respect.

As a military man, I don't really like to talk too much about politics. My philosophy is, just give me the mission and me and my team will go get it done.

But I will say this: In the United States military we don't leave anyone behind, and neither should our next commander-in-chief.
As president, Donald Trump will proudly stand with our veterans and police, and so will I, because that's the only way we will make America safe again.

Thank you and God bless you.