Tonight, I am honored to stand before you as the son of a humble Lebanese grocer,

the grandson of immigrants, and a proud American blessed to live in the freest nation on Earth.

For over three decades, I have seen Donald up close and personal, as a great pal and business partner, across the spectrum of life's twists and turns. My purpose here in front of you today is to share a different side of Donald Trump – a side that is not always made visible by the press but one that becomes as clear as day when you move a little closer, beyond the glaring lights, and television cameras.

The words that I use to describe Donald are words that people do not hear often: compassionate, kind, loyal, dedicated, trustworthy, courageous, empathetic and fatherly.

Children are the true litmus test for all of us as parents. Many of you have gotten to know Donald's children during this Convention, and, as you have seen, they are far from children of entitlement and privilege but rather share a legacy of grace, dedication, intense discipline and a rare touch, like their father, to connect with people.

I could share many stories about Donald's tremendous business acumen and instincts – his incredible ability to build consensus among warring factions and bring adversaries together behind a workable solution.

I have nothing negative to say about Hillary because I do not need to. Instead, I will share why Donald is the best and the most capable athlete on the field, in what has become a simple race between entrenched status quo and enlightened disruption. I know that Donald is that athlete because I have watched him through the mountains and the valleys by sticking to simple, practical tenets like:

Don't confuse efforts with results. Do what you say. Do it now.

Always give the bad news first. Be clear and direct.

Take care of all those around you and the universe will take care of you. Hire smarter people than yourself.

Most importantly, Donald knows that every morning in the jungle a lion awakes knowing that he must run faster than the slowest gazelle. And every gazelle awakens knowing that she must run faster than the fastest lion. Whether a lion or gazelle, you better wake up and run like crazy. And this he does. No one works harder or runs faster than Donald. Standing still is simply not an option.

Ronald Reagan taught us that the best presidents are not always those with the longest resumes, but those who are able to lead, inspire, define the race, recruit a world class team and then set the pace.

I'd like to give you some insight into the Donald Trump you don't see on TV or read about in his books by sharing two small examples that reveal his heart and compassion. In 1988, Donald invited my son and me to join him and his son at the Tyson-Holmes heavyweight title fight. We arrived in Atlantic City in Donald's helicopter to a frenzy of paparazzi. We approached the convention center, lights flashing … hundreds of people yelling … everyone fighting for Donald's attention - a zoo!

As we entered the service entrance amidst this chaos, a doorman called out, "Mr.

Trump." Donald remembered him and stopped the entire procession. "Hey, Louie, how's it going," he asked? They traded small talk, and then Louie thanked Donald for all he had done for his employees and to tell him his son, who was ill, thought he was the greatest man in the world.  Donald grasped his hand, looked him in the eye, and said, "No, Louie, you're the greatest."

We got to our seats five minutes before the bell rang to start the fight. The crowd was going nuts. People were tugging at Donald, vying for his attention, but Donald seemed agitated. He asked me for my program.

He wrote out a note and had it hand-deliver it to Louie, inviting him and his son to visit with him the next day. About a decade later, Donald and I sat in the foyer of Frank Campbell Funeral Home awaiting the wake of his father, Fred Trump, the son of immigrants, a carpenter who made the most of the blessings of freedom.

We sat alone, musing about life's challenges and that, at the end of the day, it is not about accumulating things or fame but about being relevant. In that solemn moment, Donald shared something so simple, yet so resonating and powerful. "Tom," he said "I think I have the strength of my dad and the sensitivities of my mom. All I want to do now is to take the Trump name and the legacy they built brick by brick and leave it a little bit better than I found it."

The world is at a tipping point. The old order is crumbling like a house built on shifting sands. Americans will no longer accept those who just talk of change. People understand that we need a battle-hardened CEO with the proven ability of "being" the change to once again jewel the varied and disparate gems of a disenfranchised society back into a seamless necklace of national pride.  He can do this not because the opposition is so bad. But because he is so good.

That is the kind of man Donald Trump is. And, with your help that is the kind of President he will be.