Good evening. Sometimes, Hillary Clinton has a New York accent. Sometimes, an Arkansas accent.

But y'all….this is what a real Arkansas woman sounds like.

Hillary may not know where she's from, but Arkansans know exactly who she is. Arkansans know who I am.

Raised on a cattle farm, married to a row crop farmer, I'm a Christian, pro-life, gun- carrying, conservative woman.

And, the first female Republican elected Attorney General of Arkansas.

The very same office Bill Clinton held when those two launched their careers of corruption.

Hillary says they were poor when they left the White House.

And while they've made millions, she's still poor in all the ways that really count: poor judgment, poor policies and poor decisions. Hillary is a lawyer, but she acts like the law doesn't apply to her.

Absolutely no good could have come from merging her public service with her private interests…much less her private  server.

What we know about her scandals is bad. What we don't know may be worse.

Why did Bill's speaking fees skyrocket as soon as she was Secretary of State? Why did donors to the Clinton Foundation receive favorable treatment from the State Department?  Deception and dishonesty are all second nature to  Hillary.

As my daddy likes to say, she will lie [even] when the truth would serve her better.

Let's face it: That woman has more baggage than Chicago O'Hare. I broke a glass ceiling.

I know the importance of doing so.

But, a historical milestone need not come at the expense of America. Unlike Hillary, Donald Trump knows that women – and men – are not single issue voters.

We care about jobs, the economy and national security.

As Attorney General, I know this race will shape the Supreme Court for generations.

Do we want the great Antonin Scalia to be replaced by a liberal activist judge? Donald Trump will nominate conservative justices who will uphold the Constitution, support the rule of law and rein in out-of-control federal  bureaucrats.

Frankly, Hillary needs to go to her own house, not the White House…and take Ruth Bader Ginsberg with her.

My fellow Americans, it's time to update your resumes because Donald Trump is growing jobs and putting America back to work.

With Donald Trump as President….America will be closed to overregulation and open for business.

God bless each of you and God Bless America.