My name is Lisa Shin. I am deeply humbled and honored to speak to you as a national delegate from the great state of New Mexico!

I am a Christian, a wife, and a mother. I have been in private practice as an optometrist for the past 19 years. I am Korean-American. And I am very proud to be a supporter of the next President of the United States, Donald J. Trump!

Over 40 years ago, my parents left South Korea to come to America. They knew that America was an exceptional and generous country where immigrants could become American citizens, participate in American democracy, and live the American dream. They knew America was the land of opportunity and freedom, where immigrants could succeed and prosper. So they swore an oath to support and defend the Constitution. My parents endured countless hardships and made tremendous sacrifices to pursue the Dream. And they never imagined that one day, their daughter would be speaking to you today. This is the beauty of the American Dream: to do and to be, the unimaginable.

Hillary Clinton is a direct threat to the American Dream.

Her proposals would be utterly devastating to our economy. Her dangerous ideology undermines our democracy and freedom. She represents everything that is wrong with the system: the deceit, corruption, cronyism, and a total lack of accountability. With extreme carelessness, she has compromised our national security and our safety. With contempt, she has flouted the rule of law that we rely on for justice, order, and peace. She has overwhelmingly lost the trust of the American people. She is not qualified to be our next president. She is unfit to be the commander in chief of the brave men and women who sacrifice so much to fight for our country.

There is only one presidential candidate who will preserve the American dream that our parents and our grandparents envisioned for us. There is only one candidate who will ensure a more prosperous, safe, and secure future for our children and our grandchildren. There is only one candidate who will defend the core principles that this great country was founded upon. There is only one candidate who will protect, stand with and fight for we, the American people. There is only clear choice for America: that choice is Donald J. Trump.

Thank you.