Good evening. Many of you may know me from one of your favorite soap operas, The Young & the Restless, the Bold & the Beautiful, and many other television shows and films.

But, since we only have One Life to Live -- and yes, I had to throw that in -- I decided to follow other dreams.

I'm now an avocado grower for all of you guacamole lovers out there. I also run and operate my own design business.

And, with my husband, Gary – we just celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary -- Gary and I are partners running a sport fishing business, retail operations, rental operations and assorted other enterprises.

Like millions of women across our nation, I have many responsibilities.

And, because we women have many roles in our lives, I am offended when the media and the Democrats type-cast us a single-issue  voters.

We take care of our families, work inside AND outside the home, pay the bills, manage the costs at home, take care of our parents – all focused on one thing: securing the future of our families.

Like so many parents today, I have great concerns about the direction of our country and what it means for the future of my children.

And, I can't let this election pass by without doing my part in helping get us back on the right track. That is why I'm so grateful and honored to be here with you tonight.

When I look back at my grandparents and my Mom and Dad, I realize that so much of their lives were devoted to one goal: helping me, my sister Tammy  and brother Chris have every opportunity to succeed. I was always told by my Grandmother I could do anything I put my mind to and I did. I've worked very hard.

We have started businesses that have succeeded (and still do) and we have had ventures that have not.  We have created jobs and even more tax dollars.  We have worked 80 hour weeks and have gone without pay checks to keep  employees paid.

This is not unique to Gary and me. It is the story of every small business owner in America.

I am a member of California's Business Women for Trump. We're comprised of farmers, doctors, small business owners, attorneys, and women in just about  every field, profession, race and ethnicity.

And, we're concerned about out-of-control, unreasonable government regulations that needlessly add costs to doing business and tie us ALL up in red tape.

And, don't get me started about a bewildering tax code and high taxes to boot. This isn't true just for small businesses but for farming as well.

Just this past week, our business is confronting a problem caused by Obamacare.

What a shock!

As a small business we used to offer medical insurance to our employees and, for those who chose to be covered, we paid most of their  premiums.

This quarter we had several employees work over the 30 hour threshold set by Obamacare and, by the requirements of the law, they must sign up for one of the approved health care plans.

Our younger employees don't understand why they are getting forced off of their previous plan which was significantly more affordable and tailored to their needs. Most of our employees are college-age and healthy. Yet they are required to buy coverage that does not meet their needs and is too expensive for their  wallets.

One good thing; It has been a wake-up call to our young employees. They all are voting Republican this year!

One third of small businesses are owned by women. To the 9.4 million women business owners who employ about 8 million workers – a value of about $1.5 trillion dollars to our economy -- I urge you to think about how important this election is for your future.

Who do you think better understands your challenges and will stand with you fighting for a better economy and more opportunities? --

A career Washington-insider who only knows how to use your tax dollars for more government jobs. And, incidentally, ladies, both in then Senator Clinton's office and the Clinton Foundation, men have been better paid than women.

Or a successful businessman who knows how to make a payroll, who  understands the special challenges women business owners face, such as gaining access to needed capital, and who has an admirable record of hiring and promoting women in his businesses?

For a moment, I would like to touch on an issue that Donald has spoken about from the beginning of his campaign: trade.

As an actress and a farmer– did you ever expect to see those words in the same sentence – I've seen first hand the impact of high taxes, over-regulation, and suspect trade deals.

I have seen tv and movie productions move out of the country.  If you were an

"A" lister like Leonardo DiCaprio or an owner of a studio, you were okay. But, if you were a cameraman, sound tech, boom operator or did any one of the many jobs in a production, you were out of luck.

At the time, it did not affect me and I didn't understand what my local union boys were talking about. Now I do and I'm sorry for not understanding the plight of these men and women who lost their livelihoods. And they did.

As an avocado grower, I have faced the impact of our trade policies. I've seen first-hand our domestic market flooded with imports that harmed local farmers and even drove some out of business. My neighbors who have raised this product for years are being forced to cut down their groves.

I'll leave decisions about trade policies and how you balance the many economic interests of our nation to others but this much I do know: Donald Trump raised concerns on behalf of working people before the Washington elites did. He will  make trade deals that benefit working men and women and their families right here in America!

There will be a time, and I hope soon, for a woman President. And, why not? As Donald has said, a good woman is worth ten men.

We have so many outstanding women in the Congress and in our state and local governments who are ready for the job now or in the near  future.

But, let's be clear: the Democrats offer up a woman who when she had a chance to stand up for women, did not do so.

Instead, she attacked women, denigrated them, called them liars. I personally know victims and they find Hilary's actions and remarks  repulsive!!

Her comments are comments of convenience.

If we are to prosper as a nation, if we are going to grow the economy and create jobs, we need a leader who will go to Washington and shake things  up.

A president who will bring common sense to regulations and eliminate unnecessary ones. Who will fix our tax system.

Who will start us on the path to rebuild our infrastructure.

We need someone who knows how to build things! Who knows how to create jobs!

Who knows how to negotiate!

Who will tackle problems head on, so we can have true progress!

Since it was announced that I was speaking to you tonight, I have been attacked in social media with all kinds of outrageous insults, none of which are even remotely true.

The Left wants to silence those they disagree with. In politics, on college campuses, in business.

This must stop.  I will not stand by idly.

It is time we stood up for ourselves, for Donald Trump and for our country.  Donald is the most qualified man in America to turn things around in Washington and our nation.

So I ask you to join me and California's Business Women for Trump in supporting America's best opportunity to return to greatness.

Donald Trump, the next President of the United States. Thank you.