Good evening.

I'm Dana White, president of the UFC, the Ultimate Fighting Championship. You might be wondering why I'm here.

I'm not a politician. I'm a fight promoter.

To be honest, I was surprised to be invited, but I was honored, and I wanted to show up to tell you about my friend, the Donald Trump that I know.

In 2001, when my partners and I bought the UFC, it was considered a blood sport.

State athletic commissions didn't support us.  Arenas around the world refused to host our events. Nobody took us seriously.

Nobody....… except Donald Trump.

Donald was the first guy that recognized the potential that we saw in the UFC... and encouraged us to build our business.

He hosted our first two events at his venue. He dealt with us personally.

He got in the trenches with us... and made a deal that worked for everyone. And he showed up to the fights and sat in the front row. Yeah, he's that guy. He shows up.

Donald championed the UFC before it was popular, before it grew into the successful business that it is now. I will always be grateful to him for standing with us in those early days.

So tonight, I'm standing with Donald Trump.

Let me tell you three things I respect about this man.

First, Donald has great business instincts. He supports businesses of all sizes.

He'll make it possible for them to grow and succeed, which is the backbone of a strong economy.

Second, Donald is a hard worker.

He will roll up his sleeves, he will work with people, and put in the time to get things done.

And third, for over 15 years, Donald Trump has been a loyal... and supportive... friend.

I know that if I need him, he'll be there for me, just like he was when we first met. Sometimes he'll call just to say, "Hey Dana, I'll be watching the fights this weekend. Good luck," ... and he's always reached out when something good happens in my career.

In 2011, we signed a huge network TV deal with FOX, and there was a big write-up about it in the New York Times.

Donald sent me the article and wrote on the front of it, "Congratulations Dana, I always knew you would do it."

And just for the record, Donald and I are not business partners. His interest in me and my business is personal.

You can really tell a person's true character when they are happy for someone else's success.

And I think that sense of loyalty and commitment will translate into how he will run this country.  And let's honest, we need someone who believes in this  country.

We need someone who is proud of this country, who will fight for this  country.

Let me tell you something: I have been in the fight business my whole life.  I know fighters.

Ladies and Gentlemen, Donald Trump is a fighter. And I know Donald Trump will fight for this country. Thank you.