Good evening. Let me start out with a question.

Are there any Mountaineers in the audience tonight?

I'm Shelley Moore Capito --- the first woman elected to serve the state of West Virginia in the United States Senate.

Ladies and gentlemen --- we face challenging times. Times in which we as leaders must ask how we can secure a future --- that's brighter for our next generation.

That's always the challenge of leadership.

And this election is no different. But with every challenge comes great opportunity.  And that opportunity is what I would like to speak about tonight.

Let me first tell you where I come from --- the Mountain State. I'm a life-long West Virginian.

With our tight knit communities --- our state is just one big small town.

That's never been more evident than in this past month as West Virginia was ravaged by flooding --- that upended communities --- displaced families --- and claimed 23 lives.

As I traveled the flood zones --- I was inspired by people who --- despite losing everything --- sought ways to help and serve others. The stories are tragic but uplifting --- and I am so proud of my state.

In their jobs and communities --- West Virginians work hard and deliver results. And --- in turn --- they expect our country's elected leaders to do the  same.

The constant refrain I hear back home --- is to stop the bickering --- improve  the economy --- and fight for jobs.

Let me tell you something --- they're right. 

The greatest obstacle for West Virginia families --- and families all across America over the past eight years --- has been a president that places left-wing priorities and campaign promises over their livelihoods.

President Obama has hurt the heart and soul of my state --- our proud coal miners and the communities where they live --- work --- and pursue  happiness.

His policies have ripped through the heartland --- creating a cycle of pessimism and disgust.

People around the country feel the Obama Administration has kicked them to the curb with a callousness that's damaged their ability to trust and respect government.

In 2008 --- President Obama famously said --- "If somebody wants to build a coal- powered plant --- they can.  It's just that it will bankrupt  them."

Eight years later --- it's safe to say that his actions match his words.

He's never realized that when you bankrupt a coal company --- you deprive communities of their livelihood.

His recklessness has cost more than 60,000 coal workers their jobs since 2011. That's 60,000 families who are now without work --- without a paycheck --- and without options.

Not to be outdone --- Hillary Clinton has already promised --- "to put a lot of coal miners and coal companies out of business."

She wants to put thousands more Americans out of work.

She has promised to devastate communities and families across coal country.

When I think about Hillary Clinton's pursuit of an anti-coal agenda --- I think about the miner who wakes up before dawn for another ten-hour shift.

I think about the bus driver who drives the miners' children to school. I think about the nurse who cares for the retired  miners.

I think about the loan officer at the community bank. And I think about the hundreds of coal equipment distributors.

I weep for the fabric of my state.

These men and women take pride in their highly skilled --- and good paying jobs that provide for their families and support their  communities.

They work tirelessly to power America.

West Virginia workers are the backbone of this country.

And Hillary Clinton is proudly promising to put them out of work? Now --- we shouldn't be surprised by this.

Because Hillary Clinton understands coal miners and blue-collar workers --- about as well as she understands secure email. 

A day in the life of a coal miner --- and a day in the life of Hillary Clinton --- could not be more different.

For over 25 years --- she's thrived in a world where the rules bend to her. Recently we learned she showed "extreme carelessness" with our nation's secrets.

For others --- the consequences of misusing classified information have  been swift and serious.

Not for Hillary Clinton.

Must be nice to have your husband stop in for a friendly chat with the Attorney General on a tarmac during the final days of an FBI  investigation.

Since the end of her husband's administration --- she's profited from closed-door speeches with fees that could buy homes in West Virginia.

Not only is she out of touch --- her attempts to reach out to the American people often reveal how distorted her reality has become.

In another story from the tarmac --- detailing the harrowing tale of Hillary's 1996 trip to Bosnia.

She recalled that they --- "landed under sniper fire" --- and had to run for cover. But the tape told a very different story.

There were no snipers or hostile forces.

Hillary was greeted by a young girl --- who'd written a poem about peace.

What I find most troubling is that Hillary Clinton --- fails to recognize that her calculated policies affect real people.

Those who want to feed their families --- own homes --- pay for college --- and pursue the American Dream.

These goals should not and cannot fall out of reach.

You may remember --- when President Obama arrogantly proclaimed that he would slow the rise of the oceans --- and heal our planet.

He introduced and implemented sweeping environmental regulations without

Congress' approval --- and without considering the economy.

These unilateral actions are ill informed --- unconstitutional --- and --- un- American.

Right now the burden of government regulations in this country amounts to roughly $15,000 a household.

Let me ask you a couple of questions --- are you  ready?

Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000 --- worth more applause lines at campaign rallies?

Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000 --- worth more campaign cash?

Is burdening every household in America with a cost of $15,000 --- worth a few more one-liners?

I couldn't agree with you more.

And I'm sure you agree with me about the importance of this  election.

One of the many reasons this election is so important --- is that the Democrats have nominated a candidate that Americans overwhelming  distrust.

She's earned this reputation.

Her term at the State Department was shrouded in scandal and  mistrust.

A few weeks ago we watched as the FBI Director called Secretary Clinton "negligent." He questioned her judgment and revealed countless ways she has misled the American people.

Hillary Clinton should be repentant --- or at least humbled by this --- but she's not.

We know that the cornerstone of our global leadership is not just our  awesome military -- it's not just our economic power --- but our credibility.

She's squandered Americans' trust.

Thankfully --- the latest misdeed hasn't slipped past the attention of the American people.

Recent polls showed that voters' distrust of Hillary was deteriorating her support. So it comes down to trust.

She can't be trusted with classified information --- or trusted to play by the same rules as you and me.

And --- without trust --- we cannot feel safe and thrive.

No one who has lost the trust of the American people can serve as  President.

The only thing we can trust Hillary to do is double down on the same failed Obama policies that are hurting Americans.

But who knows maybe she'll feel compelled to pursue the dangerous policies of the socialist wing of her party --- which gave her so much trouble this  spring.

We know she will double down on an economic agenda --- that's led to the lowest workforce participation in decades.

We know she will double down on the war on coal. We know that she will double down on Obamacare.

We know that she will double down on far-left Supreme Court nominees --- who act like appointed legislators --- not as guardians of the  Constitution.

We know that she will double down on the catastrophic foreign policy she herself orchestrated.  Which has emboldened enemies --- weakened alliances ---  and increased risks to our national security.

The contrast between our vision for the future ---- and that of the Hillary Clinton is clear.

Now is the time to turn the tide.

Let's turn the tide. So that unelected bureaucrats no longer mandate regulations that are disconnected from the realities of working  Americans.

Let's turn the tide. From an executive who promotes a radical environmental agenda that will raise costs across the country.

Let's turn the tide. From a Washington that tells us who our doctors should be --- and delivers a lower quality of care.

Let's turn the tide. To a government that respects the Constitution --- and protects the jobs and way of life in rural America.

This is not out of reach.  We can make these visions a reality.

This week we'll officially nominate a candidate ---- who received the most primary votes in the history of our party. A candidate who understands how to create jobs and grow the economy.

With Donald Trump in the White House and Republicans leading Congress, Our party wants to allow businesses to create jobs --- not regulate jobs out of existence.

Our party understands the free market and doesn't try to control  it.

Our party protects and stands up for hardworking Americans --- like West Virginia coal miners.

Our party will strengthen our military --- to face growing  threats.

To ensure our country gets the elected leaders it deserves --- we must carry this momentum to elect Donald Trump --- who speaks directly to rural Americans who have been devastated by the Obama Administration.     West Virginians know he understands their problems --- shares their concerns --- and is going to do things differently.

The American people know that Hillary Clinton has forfeited her trust and has broken her bond with working Americans.

Let's commit to bringing our country together. In the months ahead --- the stakes are both clear and high.

Take the energy from this convention back to your state --- back to your home --- and work to elect Donald Trump, who will make America great again.

Thank you.

