What an honor it is to be with all of you this evening…and especially to be here in Cleveland…where we have nominated the individual who is GOING TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN….Donald J. Trump!!

As I look around this room at the different delegations…I understand the responsibility each of us has…we need Ohio…my home state of Florida… Pennsylvania… Wisconsin… and each and every state to deliver on Election Day if we are going to save America.

Because just consider for a minute…what would America look like with Hillary Clinton as President?

Our military would have a Commander-in-Chief who has already lied to the families of American soldiers on how…and why…they died in Benghazi.

People who create jobs would continue to be punished…our small businesses would suffer…industries would be destroyed as our fellow Americans across this country continue to lose their jobs.

Honesty…integrity…and ethics would now be taught in history class…because if crooked Hillary is in charge, those values would in fact…become HISTORY.  Hillary Clinton wants you to vote for her simply because she will MAKE history.  But Mrs. Clinton, we don't call that history....we call that  HYPOCRISY!

She repeatedly plays the gender card. In fact she boasts…."deal me in."

Well Mrs. Clinton consider yourself dealt in. As a Senator you paid women staffers LESS than men.

As Secretary of State you lied to the mothers, daughters, and sisters of men who gave their life for our

As head of a Foundation you accepted TENS OF MILLIONS of dollars from foreign countries who enslave women and treat them as second-class citizens.

As a mother…and grandmother…you have no problem supporting policies that terminate the life of the unborn.

And as First Lady you viciously attacked the character of women who were victims of sexual abuse…at the hands of your husband.

I want to see a woman become President one day and I want my GRANDDAUGHTERS to see a woman President..but not that woman…Hillary Clinton…not now…not EVER. America deserves a President they can trust. A President who is worthy of being Commander-in-Chief…a President who tells the truth. A President who doesn't look directly in a camera and lie to the American public about our fallen soldiers.

There is no question – Donald J. Trump is better for my children...my grandchildren…and better for this country than Hillary Clinton could EVER be.

As the citizen activists that our Founding Fathers expected us to be…let's join together in the fight to save our country for the next generation.

Let's stand together as daughters and sons of liberty and fight the oppressive government of Hillary Clinton by electing Donald J. Trump as our next President of the greatest country in the world.

God Bless You. May God bless our proud military men and women and their families…and may God continue to bless this special place we call our home… our United States of America.