I first met Donald Trump several years ago. He said he was very troubled about the direction our country was heading in. I listened to his vision, and I understood deeply, and shared many concerns he expressed. In the many times we have met since, we have spoken about the economy, race relations, immigration, jobs, urban renovation and revitalization, the military, and other issues that are critical to our nation's wellbeing.

The truth is Donald Trump is a conservative father and grandfather who feels his best days are in front, not behind him. Despite his accomplishments, he still feels a void, a need to serve his country and his fellow Americans.

The truth is, the Democratic Party has failed us: at home, our growth is lethargic and our debt deeper; we are spiritually empty; and we are more divided now than ever before. Abroad we are neither respected nor feared by our adversaries, and our friends increasingly cannot count on us. This is their legacy.

We need to make a sharp turn. We need to put into practice the great ideals and principles our country was founded on, and which are the source of strength that has made us great.

This is in our interest and the world's because the greater America is, the greater the entire world becomes. While some call Donald Trump a populist, I call him a patriot. That's because by definition a patriot is one who loves their country, supports its authority and its interests. Many liberals are embarrassed to use this word.

Many believe we are a nation just like any other: we know we are not a nation like any other, and as Republicans we are unreservedly proud to be Americans and proud of our patriots!

America is a melting pot, a country of diversity: and we stand poised to make history: by standing together as Americans, by standing together as one. We are here as Americans regardless of race, creed, or color.  We are here as those who hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that we are endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights: among these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness.

Donald Trump will rebuild the broken trust that now exists between our citizens and our government which over the last eight years has brought the rhetoric of hope, but the reality of higher minority unemployment, crime, drug use, with more civil unrest and national distress.

This election is one of the most crucial elections in American history!

Donald Trump has played for big stakes and is a master negotiator and dealmaker.

He knows that for all the sharp elbows and words that the art of the deal is bringing people together, to unify, to get to yes.

That means problem solving, finding common ground, and moving forward. He has done that for himself for over 30 years: he now wants to take that experience to get the best deal for America and for all Americans.

I believe nothing will prevent Donald Trump from doing everything in his power to create an America that everyone can be proud of.

He believes, as do you and as I do, that we can become great again, and we can become strong again, if we have strong leadership. And I can think of no stronger leader who will place their left hand on a Bible that they believe in, raise their right hand and solemnly swear to faithfully execute the office of President of the United States, and to the best of his ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States of America than Donald J. Trump.

God bless Donald Trump, God Bless You, and God Bless America!   