You may know me from TV and radio, but my kids know me by my most important name, Mom. I'm a single mother of three adopted children. I'm here tonight supporting Donald Trump because like most Americans, I refuse to leave them a country that is worse off than the one my parents left me. 

My grandparents were Polish immigrants. My parents grew up in Depression Era New England. My dad enlisted in the Navy in WWII. My mom waited tables until she was 73.  My dad worked at his car wash. They flew the flag at our house and not just on the 4th of July. They scrimped and saved. My mother made my clothes, and wore the same winter coat for 40 years. Any extra money went into the bank for our education. We learned the dignity found in a job well done. My brothers picked tobacco and delivered newspapers. I picked blueberries and raked lawns. You see, my parents didn't believe there were jobs Americans wouldn't do. In the early '70s, watching the news with my mother, I asked her why people were burning the American flag. She answered: "Because their parents didn't teach them about respect." 

Respect. We see it in decline once again. The people don't respect the government.  The government doesn't respect the people, not even our veterans. Politicians don't respect the Constitution. Many don't respect the life of the infant in the womb, or the elderly who languish alone. Others don't respect the police, who risk their lives every day to protect us. Many in public office don't enforce or respect the rule of law. Isn't that right, Mrs. Clinton? Too many citizens and non-citizens don't respect our laws either. And many of our allies don't respect us anymore. 

It's sad to see this happen to the country we love. This is our home. It belongs to us, our children and our grandchildren. We deserve better and we can do better. Like us, Donald Trump understands that we must turn this around and restore respect across all levels of society. Unlike us, Hillary Clinton believes the status quo is just fine because she helped create it. 

Donald Trump knows that a nation without borders is not a nation at all. Hillary Clinton doesn't believe in borders. Donald Trump knows that a country must put the interests of its own people first. Hillary Clinton thinks that America is just another nation in a global order. Donald Trump understands that America's greatness comes from her people, her freedom. Hillary Clinton believes greatness can only be found in an ever-growing government that only Her Majesty rules. She believes that there's a government solution to every problem. No, Hillary, you're the problem. And Donald Trump is the solution. 

We were in a mess back in 1979, too. Only then it was leisure suits instead of pants suits. Many believed America's time was up. But then Ronald Reagan arrived just in time to restore our national confidence, our economy and our military. 

Donald Trump will do the same. He has pledged to work tirelessly to get our country back on track. We should all, even all you boys with wounded feelings and bruised egos, pledge to support Donald Trump now. This is the most important election since 1980. We see stagnating wages, skyrocketing healthcare costs, doubling of the debt, the threat of ISIS, the rise of China. And the Democrats' answer is to nominate someone who helped orchestrate the decline? It has to be a cruel joke. 

I don't want to sit around and tell my kids stories about how great America used to be. Do you? We never give up. We rise to challenges. We fight and win. We're Americans. We need a president who believes in the Constitution and who will fight for us and with us.

To all my friends in the press, you know in your heart why Donald Trump won the nomination. It's because he dared to call out the phonies, the frauds, and the corruption that have all gone unexposed, and that you failed to challenge for far too long. Donald Trump respects us enough to tell us the hard truths about what has happened to our country – on issues like immigration, trade, and our diminished status around the world – even in the face of unfair criticism and sheer hatred.

They had their chance. Now, it's our chance. Let's reject the politics of division. Let's defeat the Clinton Machine. Let's send the consultants and lobbyists packing. Let's give the power back to the people. And let's elect Donald Trump President of the United Sates.