Hello, America. I'm Andrew Yang. You might know me as the guy who ran for President talking about math in the future. Unfortunately for all of us, that future is now. The pandemic has accelerated everything. If you're like me and my wife, Evelyn, you don't know if your child's school is going to reopen this fall. 72% of Americans believe that this is the worst time we have ever experienced, and 42% of the jobs that have been lost, millions of jobs will never return. We are in a deep, dark hole, and we need leaders who will help us dig out.

I know many politicians promise and then fail to deliver. If you voted for Trump or didn't vote at all back in 2016, I get it. Many of us have gotten tired of our leaders seeming far-removed from our everyday lives, and we despair that our government will ever rise to the challenges of our time. But we must give this country, our country, a chance to recover, and recovery is only possible with a change of leadership and new ideas. Bold and innovative policies that will get help into your hands in the midst of this crisis are now possible, but we need your help to turn the page for our country in 75 days.

We are here tonight to celebrate Joe Biden's nomination as the Democratic candidate for President. I have gotten to know both Joe and Kamala on the trail over the past year, the way you really get to know a person when the cameras are off, the crowds are gone, it's just you and them. They're real people. They understand the problems we face. They are parents and patriots who want the best for us in our country, and if we give them the chance, they will fight for us and our families every single day.

Our future is now, and it is daunting. But I ask you tonight to join me to help Joe and Kamala fight for the promise of America, turn the page for our country, and lead us forward to a future we'll actually be proud to leave to our children. Now I'd like to turn it over to a great Democrat who will be with us throughout the evening. Between the two of us, we have 11 Emmys. How's that for math? One of my favorite actresses, Julia Louis-Dreyfus. Hey, Julia.

Hi, Andrew. I'm so glad to see you. So what did you think about Kamala Harris's speech last night?

It was tremendous. I was so happy for her.

I know. Me, too. She was fabulous. I cannot wait to see her debate our current Vice President, Mika Pints, or is it Paints?

It's pronounced Ponce, I believe.

Oh, some kind of weird foreign name.

Yeah, not very American-sounding.

Yeah. That's what people are saying strongly. Well, thank you, Andrew, and please give my regards to the gang.

I will. They're right in the next room. Have a great night, Julia.

Thank you so much.

(singing)

