Please welcome Speaker in the United States House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi.

As Speaker of the House, it's my honor to bring you the greetings of House Democrats, the most diverse majority in history, more than 60% women, people of color and LGBTQ. Our diversity is our strength. Our unity is our power. This month, as America marks the centennial of women, finally, women winning the right to vote, we do so with 105 women in the House. Proudly, 90 are Democrats. To win the vote, women marched and fought, never gave in. We stand on their shoulders, charged with carrying forward the unfinished work of our nation advanced by heroes, from Seneca Falls to Selma to Stonewall. Four years ago, when President Obama and Vice President Biden were in the White House, they made us proud, and their leadership made our country great. In that spirit, we come together now, not to decry the darkness, but to light away forward for our country.

That is the guiding purpose of House Democrats, fighting for the people. We have sent the Senate bills for lower healthcare, costs for bigger paychecks for cleaner government, protecting John Lewis's voting rights and enacting George Floyd Justice and Policing Act. We've sent the Senate bills to protect our Dreamers, LGBTQ equality, prevent gun violence, and to preserve our planet for future generations, and even more. All of this is possible for America. Who was standing in the way? Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump. Our nation faces the worst health and economic catastrophe in our history. More than five million Americans are infected by the coronavirus. Over 170,000 have died. The science-based action and the Heroes Act we enacted three months ago is essential to safeguard lives, livelihood, and the life of our democracy. And who was standing in the way? Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump. Instead of crushing the virus, they're trying to crush the Affordable Care Act and its preexisting conditions benefit.

As Speaker of the House, I've seen firsthand Donald Trump's disrespect for facts, for working families and for women in particular, disrespect written into his policies toward our health and our rights, not just his conduct. But we know what he doesn't, that when women succeed, America succeeds. And so we are unleashing the power of women to take our rightful place in our national life by champion a woman's right to choose and defending Roe V. Wade, secure and safe and affordable childcare, preserving social security and passing equal pay for equal work. Who's standing in the way? Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump.

So here is our answer. We will remember in November, when we will elect Joe Biden president, whose heart is full of love for America, and rid the country of Trump's heartless disregard for America's goodness. Joe Biden's faith in God gives him the courage to lead. Jill Biden's love gives him the strength to persevere. Joe Biden is the president we need right now. Battle tested, forward looking, honest and authentic. He has never forgotten who he is fighting for.

And Kamala Harris is the vice president we need right now, committed to our constitution, brilliant in defending it, and a witness to the women of this nation that our voices will be heard. Our mission is to fight for a future equal to the ideals of our founders, our hopes for our children and the sacrifices of our veterans, our brave men and women in uniform and their families. We'll increase our majority in the House. We will win a Democratic majority in the Senate. We will elect Kamala Harris vice-president and we will elect Joe Biden president of the United States of America. God bless you. And God bless America.

