Brooklyn, New York. Behind me is a sight eye see out of my window every night, the Statue of Liberty. The same site that greeted hopeful immigrants like my grandparents, a symbol of freedom and a beacon of hope to the world. Today, Donald Trump has divided our country, diminished our greatness and demeaned everything that this statue represents. He even hid in a bunker as Americans were teargassed and beaten. Millions are jobless, 170,000 Americans have died from COVID and Donald Trump says, it is what it is. President should never say it is what it is. President Lincoln, honoring the great sacrifice at Gettysburg didn't say it is what it is. President Roosevelt seeing a third of the nation ill-housed ill-clad and ill-nourished didn't say it it's what it is.

America, Donald Trump has quit on you. We need a president with dignity, integrity, and the experience to lead us out of this crisis. A man with a steady hand and a big heart who will never, ever quit on America. That man is my friend, Joe Biden. He will be a great president, but if we're going to win this battle for the soul of our nation, Joe can't do it alone. Democrats must take back the Senate. We will stay united from Sanders and Warren to Mansion and Warner. And with our unity, we will bring bold and dramatic change to our country.

Let me tell you some of the things we do with President Biden, vice president Harris in a democratic majority, we will make healthcare affordable for all. We'll undo the vicious inequality of income and wealth that has plagued America for far too long, and we'll take strong decisive action to combat climate change and save the planet. We will protect voting rights, fight systemic racism in the criminal justice system and in our economy, and restore a Supreme court that looks out for people, not corporations. We'll rebuild our infrastructure and make sure every home from inner city to rural America has broadband.

We will save the post office, and once and for all defeat COVID-19, this evil disease. And beckoned by the lady behind us, we will reform our immigration system so that immigrants yearning to breathe free will it last become American citizens. Together we can reignite the hope once felt by millions of men and women, huddled masses on creaking ships, who glimpsed this mighty woman with her torch knowing they could build a better life here in America. And out of this long national nightmare, America will finally awaken to a brighter future and a new day.

Senator Chuck Schumer reminding us that leadership requires integrity and accountability.

