Good evening. Buenas noches.

I am Pedro Pierluisi. In Congress, I represent the nearly four million American citizens of Puerto Rico, including over 100,000 military veterans. And I support the re-election of President Barack Obama.

There are 50 million Hispanics living in the United States. And today, we have a president who's made sure we have a seat at the table. Today, we have to stand up, speak up and fight for what is right. The choice we confront could not be clearer. We can move forward with the president, or go backward with his opponents.

President Obama understands that our economy prospers when it is built from the middle out, not the top down—and when every American has the opportunity to join the middle class. That's why he has a plan to keep creating jobs, invest in our future and reduce the deficit in a balanced way. His opponents would trade everything that keeps the middle class strong, just so they can cut taxes for the wealthy.

President Obama also understands the obligation we owe to our most vulnerable citizens. His opponents might pay lip service to that principle, but their policies would devastate the programs so many American families depend on.

So there's a choice in this election—between two divergent paths for this country and two fundamentally different value sets. The president is a champion of comprehensive immigration reform and is preventing the deportation of thousands of young men and women who were brought here as kids, have played by the rules and have done nothing wrong. Indeed, they are doing everything right by getting an education or serving in the military. But if Mitt Romney gets into office, he has vowed to overturn that action and veto the Dream Act if it ever passes Congress.

The president has told the people of Puerto Rico that, when they express a clear desire to change their status, he will work to implement their will. And I know that Barack Obama will stand with my people the day they choose to have the same rights and responsibilities as their fellow American citizens.

This November, we are faced with the choice between moving forward or going backward. Let's fight for President Obama, because he has fought for us!

Pa'tras ni pa' coger impulso.

Pa'lante con Obama.

Thank you.