Hi, I'm Beau Biden. My dad is Joe Biden.

A few years ago, my father wrote a memoir. For his title, he quoted the line from Robert Frost's famous poem. He called it, "Promises to Keep."

In the last four years, you've seen my father partner with President Obama to keep the promises they made and the sacred promises we made. The promises we make to our elderly, who have earned a dignified retirement. The promises we make to our children, who deserve a chance to succeed. The promises we make that if you play by the rules and work hard, things will work out. One of those promises is to a group of people close to my heart, my brothers and sisters in uniform.

Ladies and gentlemen, the stakes are high for our country. There will be and should be a debate about two very different paths. But there should be no debate about our shared commitment to take care of our veterans.

Four years ago, I told you that my father has always been there for me, my brother, and my sister, and that as vice president, he would be there for you. And he has.

I've seen it. I've watched him use more than three decades of relationships, experience, respect and goodwill to help move vital legislation, just like he did with the Violence Against Women Act. I've watched him strengthen relationships with our allies and stare down our adversaries. I've seen him make quiet visits to veterans' hospitals and private phone calls to the families of first responders killed in the line of duty. I've seen him salute the workers in factories that are only open because of decisions that he and President Obama had the courage to make. I've seen him shake the hand of every single student in a graduating class of 900 because he wants those kids to remember the day they got their diplomas and do something big with them.

For me, the most memorable moment of the past four years was not something most Americans saw. It wasn't even on American soil. It took place in Iraq, at Camp Victory, where I was stationed. It was the Fourth of July, in 2009. My father was there on an unannounced visit to salute our troops. I watched as he led a naturalization ceremony in one of Saddam Hussein's palaces for a couple hundred men and women from all branches of our military.

As he led those new Americans through the oath of citizenship, this celebration of democracy in the land of a deposed dictator, I was struck by the strength and diversity of our country. I was reminded why we as a nation are stronger when everybody has a chance to do their part. And I was reminded of everything President Obama and my father have done to guarantee that chance.

We do have promises to keep. And my dad and Barack Obama are keeping them. And yes, we have miles to go before we sleep, but Joe Biden and Barack Obama are leading the way forward.

Four years ago, because I was going to Iraq, I asked you to be there for my dad, and you were. And for the last four years, I can say with certainty he has been there for us.

In moments both public and private, he is the father I've always known, the grandfather my children love, and the vice president our nation needs.

So tonight, it is my great honor to place into nomination for the office of vice president the name of my father, my hero, Joe Biden. And "I move to suspend the rules and nominate by acclamation Joe Biden as the Democratic Party vice presidential candidate."

